=encoding UTF-8

=head1 NAME

statsd-tg - Traffic generator for StatsD.

=head1 SYNOPSIS

statsd-tg B<-c> I<counters_num> B<-t> I<timers_num> B<-g> I<gauges_num>
B<-s> I<sets_num> B<-S> I<set_size> B<-d> I<dest> B<-D> I<dport> B<-T> I<threads_num>

=head1 DESCRIPTION

B<statsd-tg> generates dummy I<StatsD> network traffic. The names of the
metrics are pseudo-random, i.e. they should look random but two invokations
with the same arguments should produce the same set of metrics. The values of
these metrics and the frequency with which each metric is sent is
unpredictable, though.

You can use the B<-c>, B<-t>, B<-g> and B<-s> options to control the number of
counters, timers, gauges and sets to closely match your real traffic.

=head1 ARGUMENTS AND OPTIONS

The following options are understood by I<statsd-tg>. The order of the
arguments generally doesn't matter, as long as no argument is passed more than
once.

=over 4

=item B<-c> I<counters_num>

The number of metrics with type I<counter> to simulate. Defaults to B<1000>.

=item B<-t> I<timers_num>

The number of metrics with type I<timer> to simulate. Defaults to B<1000>.

=item B<-g> I<gauges_num>

The number of metrics with type I<gauge> to simulate. Defaults to B<100>.

=item B<-s> I<sets_num>

The number of metrics with type I<set> to simulate. Defaults to B<100>.

=item B<-S> I<set_size>

The number of unique values in each metric of type I<set>. Defaults to B<128>.

=item B<-d> I<dest>

Sets the destination to which to send the generated network traffic. Defaults
to B<localhost>.

=item B<-D> I<dport>

Sets the destination port or service to which to send the generated network
traffic. Defaults to I<StatsD's> default port, C<8125>.

=item B<-T> I<threads_num>

Number of threads to start to generate dummy traffic. Defaults to the number of
online CPUs on your system, if it can be read. Otherwise defaults to a single
thread.

=item B<-h>

Print usage summary.

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<https://github.com/etsy/statsd/>

=head1 AUTHOR

Florian Forster E<lt>ffE<nbsp>atE<nbsp>octo.itE<gt>

=cut
